Ip dns removal tool (#572)
kyma-project/test-infra: development/tools/cmd/dnscollector/README.md

# IP Address and DNS Record Garbage Collector

## Overview

This command finds and removes orphaned IP Addresses and related DNS records created by GKE integration jobs in a Google Cloud Platform (GCP) project.

> When an integration job installs Kyma on the GKE cluster, an IP Address and DNS records are created as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an integration job installs Kyma on a GKE cluster, an IP Address and DNS records are created as well.
```

Reviewer: Does it create the IP addresses? Or does it allocate them/reserve them?

Author: You are right, more technically correct wording would be:
```When an integration job installs Kyma on a GKE cluster, it reserves the required IP addresses and adds necessary DNS records.```

Usually, the job that provisions the cluster cleans up the resources once they are not needed.
It can happen, however, that the job cleanup process fails.
This causes a resource leak that generates unwanted costs.

> The garbage collector finds and removes unused IP Addresses and related DNS records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The garbage collector finds and removes unused IP addresses and related DNS records.
```

> There are three conditions used to find IP Address for removal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are three conditions used to find IP address for removal:
```

> - The address name pattern that is specific for given GKE integration job

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The address name pattern that is specific for the given GKE integration job
```

> - The address status indicating it is not used (this value is not configurable by the user)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The status of the IP address shows it is not in use (this value is not configurable by the user)
```

- The address `creationTimestamp` value that is used to find addresses existing at least for a preconfigured number of hours

Addresses that meet these conditions are subject to removal.

> Before removal of a matching address, the tool finds all DNS records associated with the IP address.

Author: Changed to "command"

    --regions={list of GCP regions}
```

To turn the dry-run mode off, use:
```bash
env GOOGLE_APPLICATION_CREDENTIALS={path to service account file} go run main.go \
    --project={gcloud project name} --dnsZone={gcloud managed zone name} \
    --regions={list of GCP regions} --dryRun=false
```

### Flags

See the list of available flags:

| Name                    | Required | Description                                                                                          |
| :---------------------- | :------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| **--project**           |   Yes    | GCP project name.
| **--regions**           |   Yes    | GCP region name or a comma-separated list of such values.
| **--dnsZone**           |   Yes    | GCP DNS Managed Zone name used to lookup of DNS records for removal.
| **--dryRun**            |    No    | The boolean value that controls the dry-run mode. It defaults to `true`.
| **--ageInHours**        |    No    | The integer value for the number of hours. It only matches addresses older than `now()-ageInHours`. It defaults to `2`.

> | **--addressRegexpList** |    No    | The string value with a Golang regexp or a comma-separated list of such expressions. It is used to match addresses by their name. It defaults to `(remoteenvs-)?gkeint-(pr|commit)-.*,(remoteenvs-)?gke-upgrade-(pr|commit)-.*`.

Reviewer: Kyma doesn't use "Remote Environments" anymore. These have been renamed to "Applications".
